One open full time PhD or post-doc position for Software Systems for IoT, Edge and Cloud Computing

We are looking for  an excellent full time PhD student and/or post-doc positions
to join the Aalto Systems and Services Engineering Analytics ((http://rdsea.github.io) at
the Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Finland.

A PhD student will be for 4 years and the post-doc position is limited  to
two years (renewable subject to available funding). The person hired
will research emerging exciting  topics of application-specific resource ensembles
consisting of IoT, edge systems, network functions and cloud systems,
with a focus on edge-cloud resource management, uncertainty testing and management,
reliability engineering, elasticity and resilience, dynamic interoperability and
ensemble-aware programming. The research will be carried out in connection with
possible national and EU research projects. In addition to research work, the persons
hired are expected to participate in teaching following the standard practices at
the department in the areas of IoT, edge computing, cloud computing, big data, and service computing.


The accepted candidates will be employed full time by Aalto University.

Potential candidates should possess
   - For PhD students: Eligibility for enrolling to PhD programs at Aalto University
     (see https://into.aalto.fi/display/endoctoralsci/Science)
   - For Postdoc: a  PhD in computer science
   - Excellent knowledge and experience of how to work in an EU/International research project.
   - Excellent knowledge of IoT, edge and  Cloud services
   - Excellent knowledge in distributed systems with a focus on middleware/platforms
   - Excellent programming skills  (with Java, Javascript, Python, Go, etc.)
   - Excellent scientific communication and writing skills in English
   - For postdoc position: strong publications in top conferences
   - Strong experience in developing software prototypes with DevOps tools
   - Excellent knowledge in working with industrial IoT/Cloud systems,
    like Google Cloud, Azure and Amazon
   - Strong international teamwork experience

Prospective candidates should contact and send his/her applications,
including a motivation letter, CV & relevant certificates, transcript of academic records,
links to online PhD/master thesis and scientific papers, and a statement on
software prototype development experience.

For further information pls. contact:

   Hong-Linh Truong
   Department of Computer Science,
   Aalto University, Finland
   Email:linh.truong@aalto.fi

Applications from female candidates are highly encouraged.
